jupyter notebook format conversion (#450)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/leuven/services/openondemand.rst

For more general information, please refer to the `official JupyterLab documentation`_.

Exporting Jupyter Notebooks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The native file format for jupyter notebooks is ``.ipynb``, which is already portable.
> However, you may want to convert your notebook to other interesting formats.
> For a correct working of this feature, choose 'Convert notebook to ... formats' on the form.
> Among different possible conversion formats, the following are interesting:
> 
> - ``.py`` (to execute it directly as a Python script)
> - ``.md`` (to add to reports or Quarto slides)
> - ``.rst`` (for internal documentation or reports in reStructuredText format)
> - ``.html`` (for blog posts)
> - ``.pdf`` (as a portable document)
> 
> For that, you need to go to the 'Files' menu and from the 'Save and Export Notebook As'
> option, and eventually choose your desired format.
> 
> However, to convert specifically to PDF format, you need to take additional steps.
> First, save the notebook in your current folder as e.g. ``<notebook>.tex`` by choosing ``LaTeX``.
> Then, from the Terminal on JupyterLab, execute ``xelatex <notebook>.tex``.
> This will produce ``<notebook>.pdf`` in the current folder.

Reviewer: I think we better shrink this down to the essentials by referring to the Jupyter documentation as much as possible. Also, I suppose users may need to load a module in order to have access  to ``xelatex``. 

 ```suggestion
In addition to the native ``.ipynb`` format, Jupyter notebooks can be [exported to various other formats](
https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user/export.html#exporting-notebooks).
Directly exporting to PDF will however not work in this app. Instead, first export
the notebook in ``LaTex`` format (to for example a ``notebook.tex`` file) and then execute
``xelatex notebook.tex`` in a terminal, which will produce the corresponding PDF file.
You may need to first load a ``texlive`` module in order to get hold of ``xelatex``.
```
